1. add smoothed distance potentials and shifts?? - maybe not needed always false in original camshift, maybe just need to implement beyond harmonic term
2. non harmonic potential positions - done
3. well potential positions -done 
4. non bonded interactions -done
5. aromatic potential and forces -done
6. glycine an proline tables -partially done
7. test data generation scripts for comprehensive tests suite -done
8. code force and energy routines in C -partially complete, suing cython
9. rename factors scalings??
10. add parameter class to hand down  parameters from xcamshift to
11. add factor and lambda to give fact in xcamshift._calc_single_factor
12. check ala tanh  forces and energy components (effectively already checked by 
check other forces and the factors in the tanh regime)  -done
13. add derivatives for torsion angles - done
14 add code to read chemical shifts

speed:
------

1. ring normals and centres -  done
2. non bonded list - done
3. distance forces - done
4. dihedral forces -dome
5. ring forces -done
6. flatten calc_shifts -done 
7. add a factor calculator - done
8. check non bonded implementation -done
9. check caches are updated per round -calculated shifts and non bonded list
10. check two different structures for forces -done
11. look at energy anf forces for gb3 and ubi at minimum and away from minimum -done
12. parameters used by kai?
13 Useful in particular was his implementation of the method of finite differences that helped testing whether all forces were derived correctly.
14. cython non bonded doesn'y have a configurable nb cutoff 

correctness
-----------
correct the xcamshift import from camshift program to trabslate ser HG1 and CYS hg correctly -done
make a check of APA
add a chemical shift calculator for CYS
add a chemical shift calculator for HBONDS

testing
-------
unify test suite
add code for building test suite classes
correct test suite to use Virtual list for Gb3
add more tests for virtual list
add with round and with atom selection


release 
-------
add licenses to headers 
move to a code repository, github or google code?
